docs: Add many examples for Caddyfile request matchers, move TOC (#48)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/matchers.md

Matches request by the `Host` header field of the request. It is not common to use this in the Caddyfile, since most site blocks already indicate hosts in the address of the site. This matcher is mostly used in site blocks that don't define specific hostnames.

#### Example:

```caddy-d

> method sub.example.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
host sub.example.com
```

Author: Good catch, whoops 😄

The results of the enclosed matchers will be negated.

#### Examples:

Match requests with paths that do NOT begin with `/css/` OR `/js/`.

```caddy-d
not path /css/* /js/*
```

Match requests WITH NEITHER:
- an `/api/` path prefix, NOR
- the `POST` request method

> i.e. can have none of these to match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e. cannot match either of these:
```

Author: I don't think I agree - the entire thing is the matcher, not those individually. The implication is that this is in a named matcher, and each of those are rules. Agree on the `:` though.

Reviewer: Well they are also matchers, it is matchers within matchers. I don't think people will care too much, do you think they won't know what we mean when we say "both"?

Author: The entire point of the example is to explain the behaviour of multiple matchers with `not`s in the context of a named matcher. IMO we should be consistent here when using the word `match` to always refer to the same thing (the named matcher) instead of either referring to the individual matchers or the named matcher.

Reviewer: Uh, well how about we call them "inner" matchers then? I know it's confusing, but these are advanced cases, after all. At some point, some thinking is required. :)

I just think "can have none of these to match" is both awkward English and more confusing than "cannot match either of these" -- I assume most people will be able to know what "these" refers to?

Reviewer 2: I was the one who suggested "can have none of these to match". It's not technically incorrect, but you're right, it sounds awkward because that kind of phrasing is not common at all in conversation.

Perhaps "must have none of these to match". The intent was to follow from the wording from earlier: "can have zero or one of these to match", which could also be changed to "must".

Author: I was just about to suggest that @whitestrake 👍

```caddy-d
not path /api/*
not method POST
```

Match requests WITHOUT BOTH:
- an `/api/` path prefix, AND
- the `POST` request method

> i.e. can have zero or one of these to match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i.e. can match neither or either, but not both:
```

Author: I think `i.e. can have neither or either of these to match:` would work.

Reviewer: Or what about "must not match both"

Author: I think it's important to specify that it can match if zero or one of them to match. Otherwise, it's ambiguous what happens in that case if we don't say so.

Reviewer: Okay, "can have neither or either of these to match" sounds good to me then.

- an `/api/` path prefix, AND
- the `POST` request method

> i.e. can have neither or either of these to match:

Reviewer 2: Would it be overcritical to request we change this to "must"?

I do very much like calling back to familiar wording and would like to keep the two as similar as possible so the difference is _exceptionally_ clear in comparison; "none" vs. "neither or either", rather than "must have none" vs "can have neither or either".

Author: I feel like `can` and `or` go hand-in-hand. I feel like `can` is the better word if there's multiple options, `must` being better if there's only one option

Reviewer 2: Conversationally, `must` is exhaustive while `can` is permissive and open ended but not _strictly_ prohibitive beyond the stated options. It's ambiguous. If we're writing technically, "can" functions for both cases and we can ignore the conversational awkwardness because it's a technical statement. If we're writing conversationally, I think "must" is important in both cases.

Author: Fair enough.
